Update Cloud docs (#7158)
All-Hands-AI/OpenHands: docs/modules/usage/cloud/openhands-cloud.md

   - Repository access for a user is granted based on:
     - Granted permission for the repository.
     - User's GitHub permissions (owner/collaborator).
3. Click on `Install & Authorize`.

### Modifying Repository Access

You can modify repository access at any time by:
* Using the same `Select a GitHub project > Add more repositories` workflow, or
* Visiting the Settings page and selecting `Configure GitHub Repositories` under the `GitHub Settings` section.

## Advanced Settings

### Access to Larger Runtimes

> OpenHands default runtimes have access to 2 core, 8G RAM. If you require larger runtimes for your needs, please get

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenHands default runtimes have access to 2 cores and 8G RAM. If you require larger runtimes for your needs, please get
```
Trivial, both work

Reviewer 2: I'm actually not sure if this is true, it might be up to 15GB at the moment, maybe @rbren can confirm

Reviewer: I'm setting this back to unresolved, since Graham's comment was not resolved.

Author: Sounds good. Let's wait and see what the answer is. If that's true, we should update the UI as well because I got those numbers from the UI

Reviewer 3: 4 cores 16G RAM is the default today

Author: I removed this entirely as it seems it's not necessary since it will be removed.
